chore(build): pybind11 v3 pin, MSVC /WX, config and stub cleanups (#1145)
scikit-hep/boost-histogram: CMakeLists.txt

include(FetchContent)

# pybind11 3 requires C++17
set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD
    17

>     CACHE STRING "The C++ standard to compile with, 17+")

Author: ```suggestion
# Boost histogram requires C++14
set(CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD
    14
    CACHE STRING "The C++ standard to compile with, 14+")
```
